well howdy there internet people let's
bow again so today we're going to talk
about the dangers of being a moderate
moderates will be the death of this
country today's version of a moderate
before we get too far into this I want
to just go ahead and say that if you
equate Democrats with leftists and
Republicans as rightists and you think
the middle is between the two you've
already lost the plot and the reason
you've lost the plot is because of
moderates you can ask our European
viewers I'm sure that they will be more
than happy to explain to you that the
United States does not have a viable
leftist party doesn't exist there are a
few Democrats who cross center and go
into leftist territory on a few issues
but the Democratic Party as a whole is
slightly to the right
this is clearly exemplified in their
foreign policy they're not leftists okay
so how did this happen it's easy and now
that the right-wing the far-right has
figured this out it's terrifying because
they understand how it's working and now
they're exploiting it but moderate of
today rather than holding to a moderate
position is attempting to find
compromise to be the peacemaker to find
that ever elusive middle ground let me
show you how this works
pretend for a moment I am a right-wing
extremist let's commit ethnic cleansing
I don't like all these brown people we
got to get rid of them a moderate
position is what a Louisville well it no
and if you do that we're gonna have to
resist you with violence the other
extreme is not resisting ethnic
cleansing
that's the moderate that should be the
default the other extreme is just for
suggesting this you're already and
crosshairs those are the extremes the
moderate position is no we do not kill
people forcibly remove people based on
their ethnicity we are a nation of
immigrants
there should be no ethnic supremacy it
shouldn't occur here it does but it
shouldn't that should be the default
it's not it's not why because the right
wing has made wilder and Wilder claims
and it's moved that discussion thanks to
the moderates who don't hold fast to
their principles they attempt to find
that middle ground the moderates of
today are tolerating positions that
would have been unthinkable in the 1980s
the idea of a militarized border in the
US during the height of the Cold War
would have been unthinkable in fact a
right-wing president spoke out against
it mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall and
the nation cheered why because that's a
moderate position but today you have the
Democratic Party well they're throwing
bones to a far right wing administration
and they're using a different qualifier
to target people rather than saying oh
well we're going to get rid of brown
people well we're going to target people
based on an immigration status and if
you cross a line in the sand
legally asylum seeking is legal it
doesn't matter how many times the
president says it isn't it is we're
going to take your kids away and turn
them over to people who will sexually
abuse them
this is not a moderate position this is
the position of a monster but in the
interest of chasing those moderate votes
who are so easily swayed by trying to
find the middle ground between extreme
positions the Democrats move further and
further to the right and that's what's
happened you know you take it to the
next step
well let's commit genocide the default
the moderate position is no of course
not
and if you attempt it we will resist you
with violence you're talking about
murdering people the moderate position
of today well can we just kill some of
them trying to find that middle ground
it's dangerous it's dangerous it is so
dangerous that the moderate
conservatives have lost the plot
completely you look at the memes that
are shared on patriotic pages that
appeal to the moderate conservative you
know there's the typical snowflake jokes
and stuff like that and there's the
ever-present meme that compares today's
man with the man of the 1940s and
there's always the joke you know well
they wouldn't be able to handle it they
wouldn't be able to handle it they
wouldn't be able to handle storing the
beaches of Normandy that's what the
generation of men in the 40s did yeah
they did to kill fascists to kill
fascists that's why they did it they
stormed the beaches they got in gliders
they jumped out of airplanes to kill
fascists never forget that part
and those same pages without any hint of
irony share ultra far right-wing fascist
ideology because the moderate
conservative has moved further and
further to the right they talk about the
greatest generation and they've betrayed
it
we've we've come to the time when the
moderate conservative stands up and
becomes a volunteer safety advocate for
Nazis well you know they're just
expressing their beliefs the greatest
generation yeah three Nazis walk into a
bar they don't get up the moderate
position both moderate liberals and
moderate conservatives are moving
dangerously far to the right in the
attempt to find that middle ground there
are thousands of reports of child sexual
abuse in what amounts to concentration
camps children ripped from their parents
and turned over to people who abuse them
or allow them to be abused and the
nation is silent why
because that's the moderate position I
mean you know they really should have
done it legally it is legal that's the
other scary part about this the far
right they've realized that it because
the average moderate does not research
on their own and they just attempt to
find the middle ground they can make
insane claims and they know they won't
be researched they won't be fact checked
claiming asylum is legal crossing the
border without authorization to claim
asylum it's literally in the law they
can claim the cylon at a port of entry
which is being blocked now they're
telling them that they can't come in and
that they need to go get on list in
violation of our own laws or you can
claim it once you're inside the country
and there's a specific part of it that
says your immigration status doesn't
matter that's actually the law so no
crossing a line in the sand does not
warrant having your children taken and
raped call me crazy
maybe I'm an extremist moderates in this
country need to get their act together
they need to get their act together they
need to sit down and think about what
their morals truly are what they truly
believe societies ethics should be are
we a nation of ethnic cleansers are we a
nation that enables child sexual abuse
is that what we are is that moderate
what's the next compromise anyway it's
just a fall y'all have a good night